and of course
na
thank you for coming here today and for
make me sweat a little with you
questions
let me say that I appreciate that you have
come some of you from media
international
I just would not have believed it if I
they say 25 years ago if I had had a
crystal ball that will show me what
it was going to happen 25 years later that
someone was going to remember everything I did
in his day and by connecting it with the
present I would not have believed it
we did not have the means with the
that there are now new ways of
video the motion captures
etcetera and is something that I would have
liked to have counted
in fact I have seen the triple h that is
there in the corner like a little boy
again while they were filming us for the
game
we did not have any of that but
now we have video games and they arise
new ways to use those
characters and that people can
enjoy them yet
and all I want to thank
developers to journalists to
the industry to critics thank you
to them the developers can
improve and so on
Now that I'm with you, you can
ask me questions there are no restrictions
except some that you already know senses
free to ask me what you want
i
I want to thank everyone in two
that he had never played a video game
before but I have been told that it is the
first time the character of ultimate
warrior appears in this franchise
it is an exclusive character of the
reservation which means that if you do the
game reserve will now be awarded a
token that you can use to select a
ultimate warrior in different modes
of game
yes
I think it's quite exciting not
now wait for some feedback
your part and that you do justice to me
character